Docs (#590)
getsentry/responses: README.rst

    content_type = "text/plain"
    auto_calculate_content_length = false

Replay responses (populate registry) from files
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can populate your active registry from a ``toml`` file with recorded responses.
(See `Record Responses to files`_ to understand how to obtain a file).
To do that you need to execute ``responses._add_from_file(file_path="out.toml")`` within

> activated decorator or a context manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an activated decorator or a context manager.
```

> Following code example will register a ``patch`` response, then all responses present in
> ``out.toml`` file and a ``post`` response at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code example registers a ``patch`` response, then all responses present in
``out.toml`` file and a ``post`` response at the end.
```
